Owen Zeng
Felix Chen
GitHub Repo: https://github.com/usc-ee250-fall2023/lab09-ml-lab09-owen-felix.git

Question 1:
The dataset y2 vs x2 and y4 vs x4 are not suitable for using a linear regression. 
y2 vs x2 can be modelled by a quadratic regression. Similar to the linear regression, 
we can use tools inside python or other language to fit the data so that 
we can evaluate the model and find the parameters.

Question 2:
The m here is the slope which is V/I and according to Ohms's Law R=V/I, 
which means that the slope m represents the resistance R.

c is the y-intercept, and by observing the graph and the provided data, 
it can be inferred that the line passes through the origin (0,0). 
Hence, c would be a small value that close to 0. 
This is because when the current (I) is zero, the voltage (V) is also zero.

Question 4:
The green distribution peaks at approximately 2.5g, 
which corresponds to the weight of the "Cent." So, the green distribution represents the Cent.
The blue distribution peaks at approximately 5g, 
which matches the weight of the "Nickel." Thus, the blue distribution represents the Nickel.
The orange distribution peaks at approximately 5.67g, 
which corresponds to the weight of the "Quarter Dollar." Therefore, the orange distribution represents the Quarter Dollar

There are variations in the weight from the same denomination
because there could be slight discrepancies in manufacturing processes, 
or artificial corrosion when the coins are being used.

Question 5:
1. Use sensors to detect the weight of the coin.
2. Compare the weight with the typical weight ranges of each denomination.
3. Classify the coin as the denomination whose weight range the measured weight falls into using a tranined model.
4. If the weight doesn't fall within the range of any known coin, the machine should return the coin.

Question 6:
To measure the reflectance of the coin, we can use the photo/light sensor in the GrovePi kit to do this.

Question 7:
dataset A: Linearly separable. 
A straight a diagonal line can be drawn to separate the blue dots from the orange.

dataset B: Not linearly separable. 
The blue dots are overlapping with the orange dots, so no single straight line can separate them.

dataset C: Linearly separable. 
We are able to draw a vertical line in the middle to separate these two dots.

dataset D: Not linearly separable. 
There is a slight overlap in the middle, which means we are not able to separate by a straight line.

dataset E: Not linearly separable. 
We will need two lines to separate these two groups, so not linearly separable.

dataset F: Not Linearly separable. 
A circle will need to be drawn in order to separate these two groups.

Question 11:
Benefits of running the classifier on the cloud:
1. Energy Savings
A vending machin is already using lots of energy to power up,
the power usage will be even larger when we install the RPi with the classifier 
and keep computing when a coin is collected.

2. Easy Update
If we install the classifier in a cloud server instead locally on the machine,
we can easily apply any update by directly modifying the classifier on the server
instead of going over to the local vending machine for updates.

Drawbacks:
1. Latency 
Transmiting data to the cloud and waiting for a response can cause delays, 
especially if the network signal is bad in the outside enviorment.
2. Cost
Renting a cloud server could be expensive especially if we have a large number
of machines which will require a server with big computing abilities.